New Threadless $10 T-Shirt Sale ’til Wednesday
Published on October 23, 2006.
Whoa, so there’s finally a $10 sale at threadless.
I was waiting for one so I could buy Pandamonium.
I ended up buying a few:
Pandamonium
So I already have this shirt, but it’s red and XL.
I wear L shirts now, so I wanted to have a Pandamonium that’ll fit me.
It’s pretty awesome.
It has a Panda destroying stuff. Yeah.
Fire and Ice
This shirt is just kinda cute.
Seriously, who doesn’t like penguins?
Somehow, I don’t think the penguin who is encased in ice will survive, but I’m still rooting for him!
Maybe they can perform penguin CPR quickly…
Rocketbird
Rocketbird has a bird on a rocket.
Perhaps this bird is of the flightless variety, and therefore cannot fly on its own volition.
Or perhaps the bird is in a hurry and needs the power of a rocket pack to reach his destination.
It really doesn’t matter; Rocketbird is cool.
There were a few other cool shirts that were in stock in other sizes, or shirts that I already have (and maybe have already bought twice!).
Check out Ctrl+Z (my favorite), MP(3) , and the whole catalog in general.